FUTURE WORK

Where the results can lead me
	-What are the next steps to take
		-Noise Reduction
		-Active motion tracking
	-What other questions do the results raise
		-The possibility of an ideal Time interval
		-The possibility of different ideal Time interval for different Alt
	-Do certain paths seem to be more promising than others
		-Can rate of change of Morphology be used to differentiate objects 

The results and process of this study have lead to theories of possible improvements, 
newly discovered directions to further advance the study, and promising interesting 
directions.

The possible steps to move toward to improve the study take place in the process of 
frame preparation involving noise reduction. The noise being addressed is any portion 
of the object in the frame that isn't clearly perceived by the boolean image 
multiplication. Further clarification of noise include inaccuracies in complete profiles
of aerial objects. This noise is caused by high contrast within the object due to the
suns reflection, the inability to actively change the threshold in which the binary
segmentation occurs, and the inability to automatically center the aerial object from
one time interval to the next (more accurate overlay for boolean image multiplication) 
within the frame (full frame or selected area).

The results of the study yielded new questions which are closely related to the advance-
ment in the efficiency of the aerial morphological subsystem. The determinination of whether
an ideal frame time interval exist that would accurately embody the steady state ratio of the 
entire aerial object. The possibility of there existing more than one ideal frame time interval
cooresponding to the altitude that the aerial object is currently located. The existence of an
ideal frame time interval would decrease amount of data required to be collected to distinguish 
between aerial objects and subsequently the amount of processing power needed to achieve the
ultimate goal of aerial object differentiation.       
        
The new method that arose as a possible promising path of aerial object differentiation is 
morphological rate of change. Using specific lengthier contours of an aerial objects profile
the rate of change in the shape of the contour is measured to identify the object, this method
operates under the similar assumption that the rate of change of an aerial biological object
is higher than an aerial manmade object, which presumably would have a small rate of change along 
its lengthier contours. The contours would be more efficiently detected with a high pass filter
with less pixels to account for     
 
  
 

CONCLUSION

Recap what you did (One Paragraph)
	-Recap what your research question was
	-Recap how you tested the research question

Highlight the big accomplishment (One Paragraph)
	-Highlight of your results
	-Main results you want the reader to remember
	-Ignore small details

Conclude (Sentence or two)
	-relate how your research is important outside of academia
